The Lean Business model cavas:

Key Partners: Your sponsors, suppliers, publishers, distributors ... Basically what do you need to do what you want and how wil you make what you want worth their [sponsors, mostly] time? Ie, if you have ads how will you place them, how will you distribute -- costs for all that? Not need exact figures, just a ballpark idea.

Cost structure: Building on that; what costs the most for you? What costs the least? Can you streamline your csts more than they are? What will suppliers need to be able to do for you? What activities that you do are cheap/expensive ... that sort of thing. Again, specificity isn't *needed*, but the closer to a concrete action you can get the more likely the judges will take you seriously as an entrepreneur.

Value Propositions: What do you want your product to be able to do? Not in a technical sense, in a 'why is this on the market' sense. What problems do you aim to solve? What, in very general terms (because you do this again later) is your target market? What market gets what services? But beware of trying to cater to broad markets -- I'll talk about this later.

Key activities: This is the technical meows. How will we distribute to our target market? Achieve links with customers> Get money from them -- or not from them but *because of* them (mostly that relates to advertising). And then I might also put here how your product actuall attempts to solve the problem.

Key Resources: The reason why I'd do that is because if you don't this is very similar. Because it's asking what resources you'll need to do your activities -- and without insight to what these activities actually achieve (written in the above section), you just repeat yourself. To be different here, I'd talk about where you can get what you need from, and how THAT will contribute to solving your problem as well.

Customer relationships: Duh. How will you reach customers and convince them to buy your product? Social media? Freeware, Shareware, Nagware? Worth considering here. What type of short-term and long-term relationship should be expected from us in terms of engagement? Do we want weekly contact, or ony when there's a problem. What have you already done to set those relationships up? What needs doing? How might you do it?

Channels: TVNZ 1, etc. No. This is actually where you talk about how you reach customers, where above you mostly talked about desired relationships touching briefly on social media etc. Here's where you talk about pages you've set up and websites you can be reached on. Or if they can buy physical copies. And how they pay. And think about how much all of that costs you, so you can build it into price margins, etc. How will you integrate into the lives of your customers, even before they're your customers -- so where can they find you having never heard of you before.

Revenue streams: What price should we charge? Cost v. profit analysis. How much are people willing to pay. Market analysis. How will we profit, how will they pay? Are they currently paying? In terms of an overall scheme, how much does each scheme contribute? Will you be profitable and sustainably operational if you operate the way you think you ought to.